>> Sarah Drasner: Another thing that
you can do once you're kind of done
making prototypes is you can do
things like page transitions.
And so
I made this demo that shows how to create
these kind of smooth page transitions even
with interaction on a view application.
And basically, the way that it works is
within middle ware and the Vue X store,
Vue X is a little like redux.
I'm storing what's page it's on and
then I have CSS transitions that work
from page to page and
I have the same things transitioned.
So basically, that if I restart this,
this piece is consistent across
a bunch of different routes.
But the nav it stays for
each one of those routes.
So I did a write-up of how
this is all made for Vue, and
then a friend forked it to React, and
then another friend forked it to Angular.
So if you're working within any
one of those frameworks, and
you wanna try to make these kind of smooth
page transitions across your applications.
If you're using one of those three
applications those examples exist and
are all open source for you to check out.
>> Sarah Drasner: Another way
that I kinda plan these out,
I thought I would show you something
that's like, a work in progress.
And I'm changing,
I'm in the middle of changing this.
So, this is an original dribble shot
that that somebody made, and I'm going
to completely redo all of these pieces
like we showed about the remixing before.
But the first thing I do is I take
the similar objects, and I keep
some of them static across things, and
then for some of them, I make them bigger.
Some of the pieces stay consistent,
some of them drop down,
some of them go away, but basically, I'm
just keeping that all in one art board so
I can move little pieces around.
And I can see how it would change and
adjust for
either different screen sizes or
for different views of those pages.
So that's how I made that
page transitions one as well.
Is I kept some pieces consistent across
each of the things and just changed maybe
their scale or maybe it has a rounded
corner now, or something like that.
So that's one that you
could work with that.
Lee Long if you don't know his work,
does this awesome dribble shots,
he's not a developer, these are all
just imaginations of things, so
he makes these an After Effects.
So he makes all of these an After Effects
and exports them as gifs so
he hasn't really made them in code or
anything.
But if you wanted to like practice or
even just get inspired by some of this
stuff that he makes, they are really cool.
Rally does really great
things with Motion too.
Where they just have these subtle
little transitions between effects.
This is real,
this is on websites and stuff, so
you can go check out their code as well.
Everything Rally does is gorgeous, and
their typography is also
really well done as well.
They do things like this for
their site where you have these
different sections and this floating
ribbon between each one of them.
And if you click it kind of expands and
changes.
This was always on a site that
was like their beta site.
They kept futzing with it and
they wouldn't ship it because they
were being too perfectionist about it.
So if you go to their site and
this isn't it,
you have to go to like beta.rally or
something.
They just never were happy enough with it,
but I think it's gorgeous.
There's also, this one's not rally,
I miss attributed it this is
somebody else on dribble.
I should change this thing, but
I thought it was a really nice transition.
It's a nice way,
it's another time where you can use SVG or
SVG filters to kind of make
page transitions come to life.
Codrops, how many of you know Codrops?
Just like three, not that many of you.
Go to Codrops immediately,
they're amazing.
This is one example of 1,700 and
they show you how to make
all of these things in code.
So all of their examples
are like this good.
And they're all different, and
they all are just fantastic.
And a lot of them use CSS Grid, too.
So if you wanna learn CSS Grid
a little bit better, and
some of these great effects, man,
they're geniuse, check it out.
Cool, if you do wanna check it out and
create these kind of animations tomorrow,
I have a whole course where we
go into some of this stuff.
But there's this idea
called flip on the web, and
its a way to get really
performing animations.
So the way that you do that is you get
the bounding client rec, which is just
like the x, y, width, height coordinates
of the first state of the thing.
And then you get the end state and
how big that is.
And then you find
the space in between there.
If that doesn't sound like fun to you,
which it might not, David Khourshid,
who you should definitely check out
his work, he's also a great animator,
has a thing called Flippy.
It's a library that he created, so
that you can create some of those effects.
It's really nice, and
it doesn't need the framework.
So if you're not framework person, or
if you're a framework
person you can use them.
In Vue, we do this stuff under the hood.
You can just wrap a thing in
a thing called transition group,
and all of that calculation happens for
you, how cool is that?
That's awesome, Vue is great, [LAUGH].
If you want to use something that also
does a lot of hardware acceleration for
you under the hood, GreenSock or
GSAP does that, and you don't
have to manually hardware accelerate
anything there, already doing that.
They're gonna assume that you
want hardware acceleration, and
they have a flag where you can tell
it not to be hardware accelerated if
you'd ever want that.